Liquid Electrical Tape, Waterproof Seal, All Indoor/Outdoor Uses, Includes Brush, Green, 4oz, 1/Jar Distributor Locator Sales Bridge English English French Spanish Toggle navigation Home About Brands ILSCO King Innovation Bergen Industries UTILCO FTZ Sperry Instruments SSI Calterm IEI Briscon Products Cable Ties Conduit Bending Conduit Fishing Connections Hand Tools NM Electrical Boxes Staples Switches Terminations Test Instruments Wire Management Surge Protection Resources Careers Catalog Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Incentive Program Form Instruction Manuals Literature News Past Webinars Product Data Sheets Service Center Locator Service Center tools Service Excellence Flyer Social Media Warranty Claim Form Webinars Where To Buy Home / Products / Liquid Electrical Tape, Waterproof Seal, All Indoor/Outdoor Uses, Includes Brush, Green, 4oz, 1/Jar Liquid Electrical Tape, Waterproof Seal, All Indoor/Outdoor Uses, Includes Brush, Green, 4oz, 1/Jar Part # LTG-400 This rubber based brush-on liquid tape forms a protective, waterproof, UV-resistant, dielectric seal around spliced electrical wire to protect against More... WHERE TO BUY Images Overview Tech Data Physical Specs MAIN Product Image Product Image In Package Product Image Alternative Product Image Alternative Product Image Alternative HR Product Image This rubber based brush-on liquid tape forms a protective, waterproof, UV-resistant, dielectric seal around spliced electrical wire to protect against corrosion, shortages, electrical shock and vibration. The quick-drying fluid cures in 24 hours and will not deterioriate or unravel like traditional tape. Resistant to chemicals, solvents, saltwater and other common fluids, to achieve connections that last for decades. To apply, shake well then use brush built into the cap to liberally brush the liquid over the splice/connection. Allow to dry for 5 minutes and then re-apply if a thicker application is needed. Ideal for both indoor and outdoor use and under extreme environments including automotive, marine, farm/ag and RV. 4 oz bottle Temp range: -30 to 200 degrees F and -34 to 93 degrees C Forms a protective, waterproof, UV-resistant, dielectric seal around spliced electrical wire to protect against corrosion and shortages Formula is resistant to chemicals, solvents, saltwater and other common fluids Quick-drying formula cures in 24 hours Will not unravel or deteriorate like traditional tape Remains flexible in extreme temperatures and climates -30 to 200 degrees F and -34 to 93 degrees C Dries Green Warranty Standard 1 Year Safety Data Sheet (SDS) NPA (Spanish) Spec Sheet NPA RoHS Compliant (Restriction of Hazardous Substances Directive) &#176; Contact Compliance Color Green Out of Package Height (in) 3.5 Out of Package Width (in) 2 Out of Package Length/Depth (in) 2 Each in Package Height (in) * 6.38 Each in Package Width (in) * 2.5 Each in Package Length/Depth (in) * 3.5 Each in Package Weight (lbs) * 0.396 Inner Pack Weight (lbs) * 1.98 Contact Us nVent 16250 W Woods Edge Rd New Berlin, WI 53151 USA Contact (262)-317-8700 About Us Products Resources About News Careers Imprint Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions &copy; 2026 ECM Industries, LLC. All rights reserved. Legal Notice: all of the information and data on this site is for informational purposes only and is provided for the convenience of the user. Some information and data on may contain errors or inaccuracies, or there may be omissions, due to human error, technology issues or otherwise. In addition, the information and data on this site may change at any time. See official legal notice page for details. California Transparency Supply Chain Act . UnitedHealthcare creates and publishes the Machine-Readable Files on behalf of ECM Industries. To link to the Machine-Readable Files, please click HERE .