Original Gorilla Glue | Gorilla Glue 3g 5000502 2 fl. oz. 5000201 4 fl. oz. 5000408 8 fl. oz. 5000806 18 fl. oz. 50018 36 fl. oz. 5003601 Contact Glues & Adhesives All Glues & Adhesives Gorilla Glues Wood Glues Construction Adhesives Spray Adhesives Super Glues Epoxies Craft Glues Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Tapes All Tapes Gorilla Tapes® Mounting Solutions Specialty Tapes Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Sealants All Sealants & Coatings Caulks & Sealants Foam Sealants Garage Floor Coating Waterproofing Spray Waterproofing Tape Waterproofing Paste Waterproofing Liquid Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Concrete Garage Floor Coating Kit Cleaner and Degreaser Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Fillers ‍ All Fillers Wood Fillers Wall Repair Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle More Project Ideas Pro Tips Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Need help finding the right product? Chat Now Contact Contact Glues & Adhesives All Glues & Adhesives Gorilla Glues Wood Glues Construction Adhesives Spray Adhesives Super Glues Epoxies Craft Glues Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Tapes All Tapes Gorilla Tapes® Mounting Solutions Specialty Tapes Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Sealants All Sealants & Coatings Caulks & Sealants Foam Sealants Garage Floor Coating Waterproofing Spray Waterproofing Tape Waterproofing Paste Waterproofing Liquid Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Concrete Garage Floor Coating Kit Cleaner and Degreaser Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Fillers ‍ All Fillers Wood Fillers Wall Repair Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle More Project Ideas Pro Tips Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Need help finding the right product? Chat Now Contact Contact Search Shop all products Original Gorilla Glue Original Gorilla Glue +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 No items found. No items found. The product that started it all. Original Gorilla Glue built a name for itself with its incredible, industrial holding power and versatility. The water activated polyurethane formula expands into materials to form an incredibly strong bond to virtually anything making Gorilla Glue your solution for almost any project or repair. 100% WATERPROOF: Doesn&#x27;t break down when exposed to outdoor elements INCREDIBLY STRONG: Expands 3 times into the materials to form an incredibly strong bond TEMPERATURE RESISTANT: Bond holds through hot and cold temperatures Bonds Wood , Stone , Metal , Ceramic , Foam , Glass , and More! , Choose size Where To Buy Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. No items found. Directions Technical Specs Product Features 1. Prepare and Dampen the Surfaces If you’re using Original Gorilla Glue for the first time, or bonding a new type of material, we always recommend trying a test piece first. To open a bottle larger than 2 ounces, cut the tip of the nozzle where it comes up to a point and starts to indent. The cap is attached to the side of the nozzle. Prepare your surfaces: All surfaces must be clean, dust free and tight fitting. For shiny surfaces, such as metals, glass and some plastics, roughen up the material to give the glue something to bite into. Damp It: Lightly dampen one surface with water. We recommend using a damp cloth or spraying with water. Do not saturate the surface. For dense hardwoods, lightly dampen both surfaces prior to gluing. 2. Evenly Apply Gorilla Glue Onto the Dry Surface Glue It: Carefully apply onto the dry surface. Do not over apply. We recommend wearing gloves or spreading the glue with a disposable brush. In some instances, Gorilla Glue can be a skin sensitizer. If you are predisposed to skin reactions, please take the extra precaution. If you do get the glue on your skin, try removing it with a dry cloth or paper towel first (particularly if the glue is still tacky). If that doesn’t work, try washing with soap and cold water, or using an exfoliator with a gritty texture. Dry your skin and apply lotion. We do not recommend using any kind of alcohol or acetone. This actually strips the skin of its natural oils, which means the glue is more likely to stick. 3. Clamp the Two Surfaces Together Tightly Clamp It: Make sure the clamping pressure is distributed evenly across the surface. Or, if you don’t have a clamp, use heavy objects or Gorilla Tape® to achieve the appropriate clamping pressure. For lighter objects, try using rubber bands to hold the pieces together tightly. Clamp objects for 1–2 hours. For best results, allow 24 hours to cure. 4. Clean up If you need to remove any uncured “squeeze out” or wet glue, we recommend wiping with a dry cloth or using a standard paint thinner. Make sure to read and follow directions if using a paint thinner. Always wear gloves. Once the glue is dry, it is best removed mechanically: Try sanding, chiseling, scraping or picking. The dried glue will not damage tools. 5. Storage Tips After each use, wipe the bottle’s lid and nozzle clean with a dry cloth. For 2 oz. bottles, tightly replace the lid after wiping clean and store in a cool, dry place. For bottle sizes 4 oz. and larger, we suggest squeezing excess air out of the bottle. While still squeezing, tightly replace the cap and then store in a cool, dry place. This helps eliminate moisture in the bottle. First Aid and SDS Information APPLICATION TEMPERATURE ‍ Above 40 F, best at room temperature SERVICE TEMPERATURE ‍ -40° to 200° F OUTDOOR ‍ MOISTURE RESISTANT – Waterproof PAINTABLE ‍ Yes – Can be painted with oil-based and spray. Acrylic/latex and stains require sanding ‍ SANDABLE ‍ Yes ‍ STAINABLE ‍ Yes – Will require sanding ‍ EXPANDS WHEN CURED ‍ Yes ‍ CURED COLOR ‍ Tan ‍ TECHNICAL STANDARDS ANSI/HPVA Type I ‍ STORAGE TIPS ‍ Store in a cool, dry location. Avoid laundry rooms, under sinks, and kitchen cabinets. ‍ GAP FILLING ‍ No 100% WATERPROOF: Doesn&#x27;t break down when exposed to outdoor elements. VERSATILE: Easily bonds wood, stone, metal, ceramic, foam, glass, concrete, and much more! INCREDIBLY STRONG: Expands 3 times into the materials to form an incredibly strong bond. ‍ TEMPERATURE RESISTANT : Bond holds through hot and cold temperatures. Sort by: Sort products by: Directions Technical Specs Product Features Apply Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Frequently Asked Questions We realize any DIY project may have a spill and we want to help you with tips and tricks to successfully remove glue from fingers and nails. For bonded skin, please call 1-800-420-7186 to speak to a medical professional. FAQs will appear here Lorem ipsum dolor amoset Additional product safety and first aid information Why do I need to add moisture before applying Gorilla Glue? Gorilla Glue is a moisture activated polyurethane adhesive, therefore, you need to apply a small amount of moisture to one surface. Then apply glue to the dry surface and clamp. For dense hardwoods, lightly dampen both surfaces prior to gluing. How much Gorilla Glue should I apply? Apply a thin layer of glue. Gorilla Glue expands up to 3 times so little bit goes a long way. As a general guide, use a ½ ounce per square foot. Be careful of uncured “squeeze-out” or wet glue, particularly on finished furniture. How do I remove Gorilla Glue from my body or skin? We strongly recommend wearing gloves while working on any project using Original, Clear or White Gorilla Glue. If you do get Gorilla Glue on your fingers or nails please follow these steps: Try removing the glue with a dry cloth or paper towel first (particularly if the glue is still tacky). If that doesn’t work, try washing with a gritty soap and warm water, or using an exfoliator with a gritty texture. Dry your hands and apply lotion to moisturize your skin. Cured glue on fingers may stain skin temporarily and it may take several days to wear off. It is important to keep hands moist using moisturizers until the glue is fully removed. NOTE: We do not recommend using any kind of alcohol, acetone, or other solvent. ‍ How do I remove Gorilla Glue from my surface? If you need to remove any uncured “squeeze out” or wet glue, we recommend wiping with a dry cloth or using a standard paint thinner. Make sure to read and follow directions if using a paint thinner. Always wear gloves. Once Gorilla Glue is dry, it is best removed mechanically: Try sanding, chiseling, scraping or picking. The dried glue will not damage tools. Will Gorilla Glue bond plastic/vinyl/rubber? Gorilla Glue will work well on many types of plastic; however, we do not recommend for use on polypropylene (PP) or polyethylene (PE) plastics or any type of rubber with high oil or plasticizer content. What should I do if I think a human or animal has ingested Gorilla Glue? For medical emergencies, call 1-800-420-7186 anytime to reach a member of our product safety team. Ratings & Reviews Recommended Products Gorilla Spray Adhesive Heavy Duty Gorilla Spray Adhesive Heavy Duty Gorilla Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive Gorilla Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive Gorilla Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear View More View More For the toughest jobs on Planet Earth® Product First Aid / SDS Removing Gorilla Adhesive From Skin International Distributors Compliance Report Ingredient Disclosure Company Careers Our Story Contact Sitemap Legal Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies Settings Facebook Instagram X Youtube Pinterest Pinterest Copyright 2025 Gorilla Glue, Inc. GORILLA GLUE, GORILLA, The Gorilla Glue Logos, FOR THE TOUGHEST JOBS ON PLANET EARTH, GORILLA TAPE, GORILLAWELD and others are trademarks of The Gorilla Glue Company, are Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and may be registered in other countries. Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating