Gorilla Epoxy | Gorilla Glue .85 oz. Syringe 4200101 Contact Glues & Adhesives All Glues & Adhesives Gorilla Glues Wood Glues Construction Adhesives Spray Adhesives Super Glues Epoxies Craft Glues Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Tapes All Tapes Gorilla Tapes® Mounting Solutions Specialty Tapes Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Sealants All Sealants & Coatings Caulks & Sealants Foam Sealants Garage Floor Coating Waterproofing Spray Waterproofing Tape Waterproofing Paste Waterproofing Liquid Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Concrete Garage Floor Coating Kit Cleaner and Degreaser Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Fillers ‍ All Fillers Wood Fillers Wall Repair Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle More Project Ideas Pro Tips Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Need help finding the right product? Chat Now Contact Contact Glues & Adhesives All Glues & Adhesives Gorilla Glues Wood Glues Construction Adhesives Spray Adhesives Super Glues Epoxies Craft Glues Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Tapes All Tapes Gorilla Tapes® Mounting Solutions Specialty Tapes Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Sealants All Sealants & Coatings Caulks & Sealants Foam Sealants Garage Floor Coating Waterproofing Spray Waterproofing Tape Waterproofing Paste Waterproofing Liquid Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Concrete Garage Floor Coating Kit Cleaner and Degreaser Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Fillers ‍ All Fillers Wood Fillers Wall Repair Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle More Project Ideas Pro Tips Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Need help finding the right product? Chat Now Contact Contact Search Shop all products Gorilla Epoxy Gorilla Epoxy +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 No items found. No items found. Gorilla takes epoxy to the Gorilla Tough level. With its superior solvent and water resistance, Gorilla Epoxy adhesive is incredibly strong and durable for household and automotive repairs alike. The easy-to-use syringe keeps the epoxy resin and hardener separate, so it is easy to dispense. Plus, it dries in an ideal, clear finish that makes projects look spotless. DRIES CLEAR 5 MINUTE SET GAP-FILLING *Not recommended for use on polyethylene, polypropylene or similar plastics Bonds Metal , Wood , Ceramic , Glass , Plastic* , and More! , Choose size Where To Buy Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. No items found. Directions Technical Specs Product Features DIRECTIONS: If you’re using Gorilla Epoxy for the first time, or bonding a new type of material, we always recommend trying a test piece first. Prepare your work area: It is recommended to use Gorilla Epoxy in a well-ventilated area. Be sure your work area is protected from spills. A mixing tray and plastic stir stick are provided. To improve adhesion, roughen smooth surfaces before gluing. Clean and dry all surfaces to be bonded. ‍ Mixing Gorilla Epoxy: Remove plastic stir stick from middle of plunger. With package pointing upward remove the closure from the two syringes. With the package still pointing upward, eliminate air and ensure even dispensing by slowly pushing the plunger until both the resin and the hardener are at the tip. Push the plunger to dispense even amounts of resin and hardener onto a clean, disposable, contained surface. The package itself can be used as a mixing tray. If you flip the plastic blister shell over, you can use the small well as a starter dish to begin dispensing until both the resin and hardener are flowing equally. Once the flow is even, move to the larger mixing well to dispense your even ratio. Using plastic stir stick mix the two parts for about 20 seconds, until the mixture is uniform. Apply within 5 minutes. As you mix, you will notice that the epoxy warms up. This is a reaction that occurs as the resin and hardener combine. ‍ Application: After mixing is complete, apply Gorilla Epoxy within 5 minutes. The epoxy mixture will continue to thicken, and the bond strength will decrease the longer you wait to apply. ‍ Clamping: To reach maximum bond strength, clamp project together and leave undisturbed. ‍ Storage: To close, slightly pull back on plunger. Wipe tip clean with dry cloth and align notch on tip and cap. Close tightly. First Aid and SDS information APPLICATION TEMPERATURE – 50° to 100° F SERVICE TEMPERATURE – -10° to 180° F OUTDOOR – Yes MOISTURE RESISTANT – Water resistant – not recommended for continual water exposure PAINTABLE – Yes – Can be painted with latex paint SANDABLE – Yes STAINABLE – Yes – Can be stained with water based stain CURED COLOR – Clear STORAGE TIPS – Store in a cool, dry location. Keep resin and hardener separate. Wipe tip clean with a dry cloth. GAP FILLING – Yes DRIES CLEAR: Ideal for clean, easy finishing 5 MINUTE SET: Plenty of re-positioning time for the perfect fit. GAP-FILLING: Fills voids and bonds uneven and vertical surfaces. WATER RESISTANT: Withstands moderate exposure to water SOLVENT RESISTANT ONCE CURED EASY-TO-USE SYRINGE: Separate barrels of epoxy resin and hardener keep epoxy from hardening, plus syringe dispenses evenly and includes a cap for multiple uses. Sort by: Sort products by: Directions Technical Specs Product Features Apply Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Frequently Asked Questions FAQs will appear here Lorem ipsum dolor amoset Additional product safety and first aid information We realize any DIY project may have a spill and we want to help you with tips and tricks to successfully remove glue from fingers and nails. For bonded skin, please call 1-800-420-7186 to speak to a medical professional. How should I store Gorilla Epoxy? Shelf life for Gorilla Epoxy is a maximum of two years. The adhesive is not activated until the resin and hardener come in contact with one another, so the shelf life is likely to be much longer if the epoxy tip is wiped clean after each use and the cap is securely replaced. Make sure you notice the notch on the cap and be sure to align that with the notch on the syringe tip. This will further ensure the two parts do not accidentally mix. Do I need to use clamps? Yes, clamps are recommended for use during setup to ensure the bond sets correctly. Apply and position glue within 5 minutes after mixing the resin and hardener. Once your project is set, clamp and leave undisturbed for 30 minutes. What can I use as a mixing tray or a stir stick? When using a 2-part epoxy, it is important that both parts, the resin and hardener, be mixed thoroughly. If the original mixing tray is no longer available, we recommend using a container that is of equal size. The underside of an aluminum beverage can will work, rather than an object that has a flat surface. Will Gorilla Epoxy bond plastic/vinyl/rubber? Gorilla Epoxy works well on PVC sheets, but is not recommended for use on PVC pipe or certain low surface energy plastics, such as polyethylene (PE) and polypropylene (PP), or certain types of rubber with high oil or plasticizer content. Is Gorilla Epoxy food safe? Gorilla Epoxy is not recommended for direct or indirect food contact and should not be considered food safe. How do I remove Gorilla Epoxy from my surface? To clean surface while epoxy is still wet/uncured wipe up as much material as possible and clean any remaining product/residue with Isopropyl alcohol (IPA) or acetone used to manufacturer’s instructions or soap and water. For cured/dried Epoxy, mechanical means such as sanding or scraping are necessary. What should I do if I think a human or animal ingested Gorilla Epoxy? For medical emergencies, call 1-800-420-7186 anytime to reach a member of our product safety team. Additional product safety and first aid information can be found at: http://www.gorillatough.com/first-aid How do I remove Gorilla Epoxy from body/skin? We strongly recommend wearing gloves while working on any project using Gorilla Epoxy. If you do get Epoxy on your fingers or nails please follow these steps: 1) Try removing the epoxy if still wet/uncured by washing with soap and warm water (repeated washing may be required to remove completely). 2) Additionally, acetone (nai lpolish remover), or rubbing alcohol may be used according to manufacturer’s instructions to remove uncured glue on nails. 3) If the epoxy is cured or dried, you will need to let the product wear off the skin which may take days. ‍ Ratings & Reviews Recommended Products Gorilla Spray Adhesive Heavy Duty Gorilla Spray Adhesive Heavy Duty Gorilla Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive Gorilla Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive Gorilla Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear View More View More For the toughest jobs on Planet Earth® Product First Aid / SDS Removing Gorilla Adhesive From Skin International Distributors Compliance Report Ingredient Disclosure Company Careers Our Story Contact Sitemap Legal Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies Settings Facebook Instagram X Youtube Pinterest Pinterest Copyright 2025 Gorilla Glue, Inc. GORILLA GLUE, GORILLA, The Gorilla Glue Logos, FOR THE TOUGHEST JOBS ON PLANET EARTH, GORILLA TAPE, GORILLAWELD and others are trademarks of The Gorilla Glue Company, are Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and may be registered in other countries. Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating