Gorilla Super Glue | Gorilla Glue 3g 7800101 15g 7805001 20g 7805601 25g 7400202 Contact Glues & Adhesives All Glues & Adhesives Gorilla Glues Wood Glues Construction Adhesives Spray Adhesives Super Glues Epoxies Craft Glues Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Tapes All Tapes Gorilla Tapes® Mounting Solutions Specialty Tapes Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Sealants All Sealants & Coatings Caulks & Sealants Foam Sealants Garage Floor Coating Waterproofing Spray Waterproofing Tape Waterproofing Paste Waterproofing Liquid Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Concrete Garage Floor Coating Kit Cleaner and Degreaser Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Fillers ‍ All Fillers Wood Fillers Wall Repair Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle More Project Ideas Pro Tips Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Need help finding the right product? Chat Now Contact Contact Glues & Adhesives All Glues & Adhesives Gorilla Glues Wood Glues Construction Adhesives Spray Adhesives Super Glues Epoxies Craft Glues Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Tapes All Tapes Gorilla Tapes® Mounting Solutions Specialty Tapes Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Sealants All Sealants & Coatings Caulks & Sealants Foam Sealants Garage Floor Coating Waterproofing Spray Waterproofing Tape Waterproofing Paste Waterproofing Liquid Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Concrete Garage Floor Coating Kit Cleaner and Degreaser Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Fillers ‍ All Fillers Wood Fillers Wall Repair Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle More Project Ideas Pro Tips Need help finding the right product? Chat Now OUR BEST SELLERS Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Super Glue Brush & Nozzle Need help finding the right product? Chat Now Contact Contact Search Shop all products Gorilla Super Glue Gorilla Super Glue +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 +2 No items found. No items found. Its high strength and quick set time makes Gorilla Super Glue the go-to adhesive for a variety of household projects. Developed for long-lasting repairs in an instant, the translucent glue dries in 10-45 seconds. Our Super Glue is reinforced for increased impact resistance to handle bumps and drops. We call it Impact-Tough® because the reliable bond stands up to wear and tear. Super glue, also referred to as cyanoacrylate glue, or CA glue, works on a variety of materials, including plastic*, metal, stone, ceramic, paper, rubber and more. In addition to Gorilla Super Glue&#x27;s high-performance cyanoacrylate formula, we&#x27;ve added an anti-clog cap with a metal pin inside ensuring an airtight seal for maximum reusability. It&#x27;s Gorilla tough, every time. *Not recommended for use on polyethylene or polypropylene plastic or similar materials. Bonds Wood , Metal , Ceramic , Rubber , Leather , Paper , Stone , Plastic* , Choose size Where To Buy Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. No items found. Directions Technical Specs Product Features 1. Protect Work Area From Spills 2. Clean and Dry Surfaces to Be Bonded 3. Apply Gorilla Super Glue Apply a small amount of Gorilla® Super Glue to one surface. Excess glue can cause delayed or failed bond. One drop of super glue covers one square inch. 4. Secure Press two surfaces together for 10-45 seconds to achieve bond. Note that gaps and uneven surfaces may cause delayed bonding. APPLICATION TEMPERATURE – Room temperature SERVICE TEMPERATURE – -65° to 220° F OUTDOOR – No PAINTABLE – No SANDABLE – Yes CURED COLOR – Clear STORAGE TIPS – Store in a cool, dry location as high temperature and humidity can cause premature aging. Do not store in refrigerator. Store away from children and animals. GAP FILLING – No IMPACT TOUGH: Reinforced with increased impact resistance and strength ANTI CLOG CAP: Keeps super glue from drying out. It’s Gorilla Tough use after use. FAST-SETTING: Dries in 10-45 seconds, no clamping required. VERSATILE: Bonds plastic*, wood, metal, ceramic, rubber, leather, paper and more *Not recommended for use on polyethylene or polypropylene plastic or similar materials. Sort by: Sort products by: Directions Technical Specs Product Features Apply Thank you! Your submission has been received! Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. Frequently Asked Questions FAQs will appear here Lorem ipsum dolor amoset Additional product safety and first aid information We realize any DIY project may have a spill and we want to help you with tips and tricks to successfully remove glue from fingers and nails. For bonded skin, please call 1-800-420-7186 to speak to a medical professional. Why isn’t my bottle of Gorilla Super Glue filled to the top? For high performance and usability, the adhesive needs to be protected from air. One way to keep the air out of the adhesive is by packaging in thick plastic bottles. If the thicker plastic bottle was completely full of adhesive, it would be too hard to squeeze the glue out of the bottle. How is Gorilla Super Glue different than Gorilla Glue? Gorilla Super Glue is a cyanoacrylate adhesive, while Gorilla Glue is a polyurethane. Unlike Gorilla Glue, Gorilla Super Glue does not require extended clamp time or added moisture to activate. It does not foam during set up. In addition, Gorilla Super Glue is recommended primarily for indoor applications only and is ideal for smaller repairs that require an instant bond and projects where clamping is not needed. What does Impact Tough™ mean? Gorilla Super Glue is designed with a reinforced formula to handle bumps and drops with a strong, reliable bond. Will Gorilla Super Glue bond plastic/vinyl/rubber? Gorilla Super Glue has been engineered to achieve excellent results on difficult to bond substrates. It is formulated to bond a wide range of similar and dissimilar materials including most plastics, metals, elastomers, wood, and porous surfaces. Gorilla Super Glue requires some absorbed moisture on the bonding surfaces to cure. Certain difficult to bond plastics, such as polyethylene and polypropylene, have little to no moisture and will not form good bonds. How do I remove Gorilla Super Glue from body/skin or separate bonded body/skin? To remove Gorilla Super Glue from your fingers and nails, we recommend following these steps: 1) If a drop or two spilled on your fingers or nails, wash the area with soapy water as quickly as possible to remove as much wet glue as possible. 2) For cured super glue, fill a bowl with warm soapy water. 3) Soak the cured area for several minutes. Gently wiggle the bonded area to allow the soapy water to penetrate the bond. The key is to be patient and NEVER pull the area apart. 4) After soaking, the adhesive should come off easily. 5) Fingernail polish may also be used on nails according to the manufacturer’s instructions. Please keep in mind that fingernail polish can strip your nails of oils, so apply moisturizer after removal. How do I remove Gorilla Super Glue from my surface? To remove uncured Gorilla Super Glue, use a towel dampened with acetone or isopropyl alcohol to blot the area. Several applications may be necessary to completely remove the uncured glue. For removal of cured Gorilla Super Glue from the surface of your project, soak bonded area with warm soapy water or acetone. The adhesive should begin to soften, but many applications may be necessary. Keep in mind that isopropyl alcohol and acetone can damage some surface materials, such as countertops and some plastics. Always test in a small, unseen area first. Is Gorilla Super Glue food safe? Gorilla Super Glue is not intended for any application with direct or indirect food contact and should not be stored near food or in the refrigerator. Gorilla Super Glue contains no solvents, but has a strong odor. To avoid irritation, use in areas that have adequate air movement and ventilation. What should I do if I think a human or animal ingested Gorilla Super Glue? For medical emergencies, call 1-800-420-7186 anytime to reach a member of our product safety team. ‍ Additional product safety and first aid information Ratings & Reviews Recommended Products Gorilla Spray Adhesive Heavy Duty Gorilla Spray Adhesive Heavy Duty Gorilla Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive Gorilla Heavy Duty Construction Adhesive Gorilla Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Wood Glue Ultimate Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear View More View More For the toughest jobs on Planet Earth® Product First Aid / SDS Removing Gorilla Adhesive From Skin International Distributors Compliance Report Ingredient Disclosure Company Careers Our Story Contact Sitemap Legal Accessibility Privacy Policy Terms of Use Cookies Settings Facebook Instagram X Youtube Pinterest Pinterest Copyright 2025 Gorilla Glue, Inc. GORILLA GLUE, GORILLA, The Gorilla Glue Logos, FOR THE TOUGHEST JOBS ON PLANET EARTH, GORILLA TAPE, GORILLAWELD and others are trademarks of The Gorilla Glue Company, are Registered in U.S. Patent and Trademark Office, and may be registered in other countries. Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating Gorilla Super Glue Original Gorilla Glue Black Gorilla Tape Gorilla Max Strength Mounting Tape Gorilla Waterproofing Spray Black Gorilla Wood Glue Gorilla Max Strength Construction Adhesive Clear Garage Floor Coating